General Introduction
An environment is more than the sum of its component (living matter, light, sound, temperature, smell, texture…), it’s an intricate organism, which emerges from the relation among all its elements. Environments are around us, within us and ourselves as well. For this project the aim has been to create an environment which can be seen as a turning point in time, a new birth. The environment, which you are witnessing is bringing together the history of the building, of the people who have worked for it, is shaped with and around Veem. It is a space where different memories and times come together and relate. The time of the Graduation Show of SNDO4; the time of the waiting for a performance to start (audience time); the time of the butterflies; the time of the decaying of flowers, next to the growth of plants; the time of the weather changing; the time of the bacterias to grow; the past time of the building coming back through the embodiment of the plants and butterflies that are living and growing and changing together with you right now. We can look at this work as a collection of different times, or even as just one time, the eternal now. A space rich of possibilities, if we know how to listen to them. Indeed, listening is space. A space that is generated when there is an encounter. When we meet something else (object, human, animal, plant, insect, mushrooms, spirit) a space in between us takes shapes. It’s a space full of possibilities, a space in potential. Listening means giving time and space to the one just described. The space through the encounter will be contaminated. The other and ourselves will be contaminating each other. This contamination calls for an ethic. By used of the relational space we are imposing ourselves, we take it and use it for our own purposes. We cannot avoid it if we want to explore the relationship, if we wanna be contaminated.

Give time to yourself, sit, walk around and look, listen, wait. There is nothing spectacular, who is waiting for you, there is just life in its most simple form. Observe it and care for it. This project wants to give us a moment to reflect on who we are as humans, and how we want to relate in this fictional-real web of lives.
As someone else once said: caring means being contaminated. This is our wish for you from us.