By used of the relational space we are imposing ourselves, we take it and use it for our own purposes.
We cannot avoid it if we want to explore the relationship, if we wanna be contaminated.
Give time to yourself, sit, walk around and look, listen, wait.
There is nothing spectacular, who is waiting for you, there is just life in its most simple form.
Observe it and care for it.
This project wants to give us a moment to reflect on who we are as humans, and how we want to relate in this fictional-real web of lives.
As someone else once said: caring means being contaminated.
This is our wish for you from us.
I want to write something about me in space, in total darkness and a sudden encounter with a perfect mirror..
Suddenly there’s two of me.
One imitation and one real.
Like the sun and the moon.
Or something.
It’s the origin story of the mirror me.
Confronted with mirrors and glass windows we learn to differentiate the real from the imitation at an early age.
I noticed last week as I was cleaning the mirror at Veem, how my vision-system is actively on the lookout for hints of a surface being a mirror or not.
Stains, traces of dirt or spots on the mirror expose it for what it is.
I just realized, some of the light reflected by the moon, gets sent back to the sun.
It takes light approximately eight minutes to travel to our earth and moon once emitted from it’s surface.
But first it has to go from the sun’s core to its surface, which is a process that takes another 10.000 years.
What a pointless exercise!
I guess that happened to fragments of the mirror me as well.
I wonder what’s worse, reflected into dark empty space or straight back into the sun, possibly condemned to another 10.000 years in that giant flaming pinball machine of hot dense particles.
The mirror looked spotless at the end of the day.
It’s looking deceitfully like the real thing right now.
Until dust and smudges accumulate on its surface again.
The sound is humming happily away.
The lights are dancing, the food rotting away and the butterflies are developing their wings in their timeless cocoons.